AVN

<strong>Foot pedal activated gas-flush vacuum packaging at its finest. The AVN\"s 1/4\" wide sealing element delivers a leak-proof seal </strong> from sensitive electronics, to sterile medical devices, food to biotech applications, aerospace technology to scientific devices.<br><br> With one touch of the pedal, <strong> the AVN flushes out oxygen and moisture with an inert gas of your choice </strong>.Then, the automated stainless steel nozzle retracts, and your products are sealed in seconds. Clean Room compatible, the <strong>AVN</strong> is also ideal for electronics, medical and pharmaceutical applications. <strong>Combine the AVN\"s precise automation with speed and extensive safety features, a faulty seal is no longer possible.</strong> <br><br>Clean-room compatible, the AVN is ideal for electronics, medical, and pharmaceutical applications. Providing additional functionality and convenience, the AVN’s gas-flush feature can be switched off as well as the vacuum feature, or both can be switched off for sealing only with impulse-heat. <br><br>The AVN is hand-assembled at our facility using only superior grade components. The AVN is also featured in five seal-lengths (20\", 25\", 30\", 35\" and 50\") and can be configure to meet CE certification requirements. 


CAVN


Expanding the abilities of the AVN model, the CAVN eliminates the need for additional equipment. Completely self-contained, the CAVN is ready to perform out of the box, providing greater flexibility for placement locations within your facility. We’ve simplified our design with the same high quality components that have made all AmeriVacS Vacuum sealers the best in the industry. All that is needed to operate the CAVN is a press of the foot pedal and in seconds you have a gas-flushed and tight vacuum package.



CAVS


Expanding the abilities of the AVS model, the CAVS eliminates the need for additional equipment. Completely self-contained, the CAVS is ready to perform out of the box, providing greater flexibility for placement locations within your facility. We’ve simplified our design with the same high quality components that have made all AmeriVacS Vacuum sealers the best in the industry. All that is needed to operate the CAVN is a press of the foot pedal and in seconds you have a gas-flushed and tight vacuum package.



AVC


The solution for your packaging program, the AVC is hand-assembled using top-grade materials and components. The AVC is compressed-air driven, eliminating any concern regarding noise, vibration, and heat generation. Unlike electro-mechanically driven vacuum sealers, our characteristic AmeriVacS design prevents particle generation and oil contamination that often leads to costly maintenance and downtime. 
Clean-room compatible, the AVC is the ideal choice for medical and electronic device manufacturers, food industry retailers, and pharmaceutical and aerospace corporations. Precision-components guide the AVC’s seal-speed ensuring a clean, wrinkle-free closure without any bag distortion. Ask for the optional second seal-bar and the AVC instantly doubles package volume.


AVCG

The AVCG combined the same quality and design integrity exhibited in the AVC, but with the gas-flush feature. Just press and hold the start button to close the lid. Once closed, the AVCG will pull an initial vacuum followed by the insertion of your designed inert gas, reaching into every nook and cranny inside your bag. A second vacuum will follow before sealing with its ¼” sealing element, delivering a leak-proof seal.


AVP

The AVP series was designed for heavy-duty applications. The most evident feature of the AVP is its lack of visible controls. Form-follows-function providing an expansive clear work-surface to hold product to be sealed.Side-mounted heat and cool timers fitted to a powder-coated steel chassis, regulate seal parameters critical to obtaining airtight and watertight seals. A one-tap steel encased foot switch provides hands-free operation. Just like the AVN and AVS, the AVP will not fire an impulse until the upper and lower jaw have completely met, ensuring the operator’s safety and an uncompromised seal integrity. The pressure bar is powder-coated aluminum. Made of professional grade component, the AVP is still lightweight enough (29 lbs) to be move effortlessly throughout your facility. 
